README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  DocsGPT  🦖
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Open-Source Documentation Assistant</strong>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <strong>DocsGPT</strong> is a cutting-edge open-source solution that streamlines the process of finding information in project documentation. With its integration of the powerful <strong>GPT</strong> models, developers can easily ask questions about a project and receive accurate answers.
  
Say goodbye to time-consuming manual searches, and let <strong>DocsGPT</strong> help you quickly find the information you need. Try it out and see how it revolutionizes your project documentation experience. Contribute to its development and be a part of the future of AI-powered assistance.
</p>

<div align="center">
  
  <a href="https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT">![example1](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arc53/docsgpt?style=social)</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT">![example2](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/arc53/docsgpt?style=social)</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/LICENSE">![example3](https://img.shields.io/github/license/arc53/docsgpt)</a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/n5BX8dh8rU">![example3](https://img.shields.io/discord/1070046503302877216)</a>


  
</div>

### Production Support/ Help for companies: 

When deploying your DocsGPT to a live environment, we're eager to provide personalized assistance.
- [Schedule Demo 👋](https://cal.com/arc53/docsgpt-demo-b2b?date=2023-10-04&month=2023-10)
- [Send Email ✉️](mailto:contact@arc53.com?subject=DocsGPT%20support%2Fsolutions)
  
### [🎉 Join the Hacktoberfest with DocsGPT and Earn a Free T-shirt! 🎉](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/HACKTOBERFEST.md)

![video-example-of-docs-gpt](https://d3dg1063dc54p9.cloudfront.net/videos/demov3.gif)


## Roadmap

You can find our [Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/arc53/projects/2) here. Please don't hesitate to contribute or create issues, it helps us make DocsGPT better!

## Our Open-Source models optimised for DocsGPT:

| Name              | Base Model | Requirements (or similar)                        |
|-------------------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| [Docsgpt-7b-falcon](https://huggingface.co/Arc53/docsgpt-7b-falcon)  | Falcon-7b  |  1xA10G gpu   |
| [Docsgpt-14b](https://huggingface.co/Arc53/docsgpt-14b)              | llama-2-14b    | 2xA10 gpu's   |
| [Docsgpt-40b-falcon](https://huggingface.co/Arc53/docsgpt-40b-falcon)       | falcon-40b     | 8xA10G gpu's  |


If you don't have enough resources to run it you can use bitsnbytes to quantize


## Features

![Group 9](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17906039/220427472-2644cff4-7666-46a5-819f-fc4a521f63c7.png)


## Useful links
 [Live preview](https://docsgpt.arc53.com/)
 
 [Join Our Discord](https://discord.gg/n5BX8dh8rU)
 
 [Guides](https://docs.docsgpt.co.uk/)

 [Interested in contributing?](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

 [How to use any other documentation](https://docs.docsgpt.co.uk/Guides/How-to-train-on-other-documentation)

 [How to host it locally (so all data will stay on-premises)](https://docs.docsgpt.co.uk/Guides/How-to-use-different-LLM)


## Project structure
- Application - Flask app (main application)

- Extensions - Chrome extension

- Scripts - Script that creates similarity search index and store for other libraries. 

- Frontend - Frontend uses Vite and React

## QuickStart

Note: Make sure you have Docker installed

On Mac OS or Linux just write:

`./setup.sh`

It will install all the dependencies and give you an option to download local model or use OpenAI

Otherwise refer to this Guide:

1. Download and open this repository with `git clone https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT.git`
2. Create a .env file in your root directory and set the env variable OPENAI_API_KEY with your OpenAI API key and  VITE_API_STREAMING to true or false, depending on if you want streaming answers or not
   It should look like this inside:
   
   ```
   API_KEY=Yourkey
   VITE_API_STREAMING=true
   ```
   See optional environment variables in the `/.env-template` and `/application/.env_sample` files.
3. Run `./run-with-docker-compose.sh`
4. Navigate to http://localhost:5173/

To stop just run Ctrl + C

## Development environments

### Spin up mongo and redis
For development only 2 containers are used from docker-compose.yaml (by deleting all services except for Redis and Mongo). 
See file [docker-compose-dev.yaml](./docker-compose-dev.yaml).

Run
```
docker compose -f docker-compose-dev.yaml build
docker compose -f docker-compose-dev.yaml up -d
```

### Run the backend

Make sure you have Python 3.10 or 3.11 installed.

1. Export required environment variables or prep .env file in application folder
Prepare .env file
Copy `.env_sample` and create `.env` with your OpenAI API token for the API_KEY and EMBEDDINGS_KEY fields

(check out application/core/settings.py if you want to see more config options)
3. (optional) Create a Python virtual environment
```commandline
python -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate
```
4. Change to `application/` subdir and install dependencies for the backend
```commandline
pip install -r application/requirements.txt
```
5. Run the app `flask run --host=0.0.0.0 --port=7091`
6. Start worker with `celery -A application.app.celery worker -l INFO`

### Start frontend 
Make sure you have Node version 16 or higher.

1. Navigate to `/frontend` folder
2. Install dependencies
`npm install`
3. Run the app 
`npm run dev`

## All Thanks To Our Contributors

<a href="[https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/graphs/contributors](https://docsgpt.arc53.com/)">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=arc53/DocsGPT" />
</a>


Built with [🦜️🔗 LangChain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain)

Commit message:

Update README.md -- Fixed ##453
✅ Added code of conduct section to documentation.
✅ Added license section into the repository.
✅  Fixed some Typos.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  DocsGPT  🦖
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Open-Source Documentation Assistant</strong>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <strong>DocsGPT</strong> is a cutting-edge open-source solution that streamlines the process of finding information in project documentation. With its integration of the powerful <strong>GPT</strong> models, developers can easily ask questions about a project and receive accurate answers.
  
Say goodbye to time-consuming manual searches, and let <strong>DocsGPT</strong> help you quickly find the information you need. Try it out and see how it revolutionizes your project documentation experience. Contribute to its development and be a part of the future of AI-powered assistance.
</p>

<div align="center">
  
  <a href="https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT">![example1](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/arc53/docsgpt?style=social)</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT">![example2](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/arc53/docsgpt?style=social)</a>
  <a href="https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/LICENSE">![example3](https://img.shields.io/github/license/arc53/docsgpt)</a>
  <a href="https://discord.gg/n5BX8dh8rU">![example3](https://img.shields.io/discord/1070046503302877216)</a>


  
</div>

### Production Support/ Help for companies: 

When deploying your DocsGPT to a live environment, we're eager to provide personalized assistance.
- [Schedule Demo 👋](https://cal.com/arc53/docsgpt-demo-b2b?date=2023-10-04&month=2023-10)
- [Send Email ✉️](mailto:contact@arc53.com?subject=DocsGPT%20support%2Fsolutions)
  
### [🎉 Join the Hacktoberfest with DocsGPT and Earn a Free T-shirt! 🎉](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/HACKTOBERFEST.md)

![video-example-of-docs-gpt](https://d3dg1063dc54p9.cloudfront.net/videos/demov3.gif)


## Roadmap

You can find our [Roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/arc53/projects/2) here. Please don't hesitate to contribute or create issues, it helps us make DocsGPT better!

## Our Open-Source models optimized for DocsGPT:

| Name              | Base Model | Requirements (or similar)                        |
|-------------------|------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| [Docsgpt-7b-falcon](https://huggingface.co/Arc53/docsgpt-7b-falcon)  | Falcon-7b  |  1xA10G gpu   |
| [Docsgpt-14b](https://huggingface.co/Arc53/docsgpt-14b)              | llama-2-14b    | 2xA10 gpu's   |
| [Docsgpt-40b-falcon](https://huggingface.co/Arc53/docsgpt-40b-falcon)       | falcon-40b     | 8xA10G gpu's  |


If you don't have enough resources to run it you can use bits bytes to quantize.


## Features

![Group 9](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17906039/220427472-2644cff4-7666-46a5-819f-fc4a521f63c7.png)


## Useful links
 [Live preview](https://docsgpt.arc53.com/)
 
 [Join Our Discord](https://discord.gg/n5BX8dh8rU)
 
 [Guides](https://docs.docsgpt.co.uk/)

 [Interested in contributing?](https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

 [How to use any other documentation](https://docs.docsgpt.co.uk/Guides/How-to-train-on-other-documentation)

 [How to host it locally (so all data will stay on-premises)](https://docs.docsgpt.co.uk/Guides/How-to-use-different-LLM)


## Project structure
- Application - Flask app (main application)

- Extensions - Chrome extension.

- Scripts - Script that creates similarity search index and stores for other libraries. 

- Frontend - Frontend uses Vite and React.

## QuickStart

Note: Make sure you have Docker installed

On Mac OS or Linux just write:

`./setup.sh`

It will install all the dependencies and give you the option to download the local model or use OpenAI

Otherwise, refer to this Guide:

1. Download and open this repository with `git clone https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT.git`
2. Create a .env file in your root directory and set the env variable OPENAI_API_KEY with your OpenAI API key and  VITE_API_STREAMING to true or false, depending on if you want streaming answers or not
   It should look like this inside:
   
   ```
   API_KEY=Yourkey
   VITE_API_STREAMING=true
   ```
   See optional environment variables in the `/.env-template` and `/application/.env_sample` files.
3. Run `./run-with-docker-compose.sh`
4. Navigate to http://localhost:5173/

To stop just run Ctrl + C

## Development environments

### Spin up mongo and redis
For development, only 2 containers are used from docker-compose.yaml (by deleting all services except for Redis and Mongo). 
See file [docker-compose-dev.yaml](./docker-compose-dev.yaml).

Run
```
docker-compose -f docker-compose-dev.yaml build
docker compose -f docker-compose-dev.yaml up -d
```

### Run the backend

Make sure you have Python 3.10 or 3.11 installed.

1. Export required environment variables or prep .env file in the application folder
Prepare .env file
Copy `.env_sample` and create `.env` with your OpenAI API token for the API_KEY and EMBEDDINGS_KEY fields

(check out application/core/settings.py if you want to see more config options)
3. (optional) Create a Python virtual environment
```command line
python -m venv venv
. venv/bin/activate
```
4. Change to the `application/` sub dir and install dependencies for the backend
```command-line
pip install -r application/requirements.txt
```
5. Run the app `flask run --host=0.0.0.0 --port=7091`
6. Start worker with `celery -A application.app.celery worker -l INFO`

### Start frontend 
Make sure you have Node version 16 or higher.

1. Navigate to the `/frontend` folder
2. Install dependencies
`npm install`
3. Run the app 
`npm run dev`

## Contributing

Please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file for information about how to get involved. We welcome issues, questions, and pull requests. 

## Code Of Conduct
We as members, contributors, and leaders, pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation. Please refer to the [CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) file for more information about contributing.

## All Thanks To Our Contributors

<a href="[https://github.com/arc53/DocsGPT/graphs/contributors](https://docsgpt.arc53.com/)">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=arc53/DocsGPT" />
</a>

## License
The source code license is MIT, as described in the LICENSE file.

## Built with [🦜️🔗 LangChain](https://github.com/hwchase17/langchain)
